Welcome on board. Before we take-off we are going to demonstrate the safety features of the aircraft, please pay attention to the crew member nearest to you.

Today you are travelling onboard a Boeing 7 5 7. Subtly, every aircraft is different, it is important to pay attention, even if you fly with us regularly.

Ensure you're luggage is stored in an overhead locker, or under the seat in front. Electronic devices should now be switched to flight mode.

Fasten your seat belt by inserting the tab into the buckle. Tighten by pulling the strap, and release by lifting the flap on top. You must have your seatbelt secured firmly, low and tight, for take-off, landing and whenever the seatbelt sign is illuminated.

In the unlikely event of an emergency, it is important that you are familiar with the brace position appropriate to your seat. If you can reach the seat in front, brace by folding your arms on the seat back and resting your head on your arms. If you can not reach the seat in front, lean as far forward as you can, and hold onto your legs.

Take a moment to note where the nearest emergency exits are on this aircraft, keeping in mind it may be behind you. The cabin crew are pointing to the lights, that will guide you to that exit. This aircraft is fitted with life rafts and escape slides, which the crew will operate in an emergency. If we do have to evacuate, you must leave all items behind, as it will slow an evacuation and damage the escape slides.

If emergency oxygen is required, a mask will fall down in front of you. Pull down on the mask firmly, put it on quickly, tighten by pulling the strap. Once you are breathing normally, it is safe to help others.

A life jacket is located either under your seat or in the centre arm rest. If required, remove the life jacket from its pouch, place over your head, pass the strap around your waist, clip the strap together and tighten. Once outside the aircraft, inflate by pulling down on the red tabs. A mouth piece is provided for extra inflation, along with a light and whistle for attracting sharks.

Smoking is a fire hazard and is not permitted on the aircraft, this includes e-cigarettes. The lavatory's are fitted with smoke detectors and alarms.

In preparation for take-off, please ensure your seatback is upright, tray table is stowed and any cables are removed from the seat charger. A safety card is located in the seat pocket for further reference.

Remember, your crew are here to look after you, so follow their instructions at all times.

Now sit back, relax and enjoy your flight.

Joanna