Ladies and Gentlemen, I would like to welcome back our frequent travellers and a warm welcome for those passengers travelling with us for the first time. May I have your full attention as I demonstrate the safety features of the Saab 340 aircraft.

It is a requirement to follow crew instructions at all times. Please pause all electronic devices during this announcement.

Please observe the fasten seatbelts and no smoking signs. Government regulations prohibit smoking on all domestic flights. The use of Electronic Cigarettes is not permitted at any time. As an added precaution, a smoke detector has been fitted in the lavatory.

Your seat belt should now be firmly fastened low and tight around your hips. To tighten pull the strap and to release, lift the clasp. Ensure your armrest is down, tray table locked in the closed position and window blind is fully open.  

Please ensure electronic devices have been switched to ‘flight’ mode. Hand held devices may continue to be used and must be held in your hand or placed in the seat pocket in front of you.

Large electronic devices may be used during the cruise only, once the fasten seatbelts sign has been switched off.

Your aircraft has four clearly marked exits; two window exits in row 6 and two forward exits, the door through which you entered and the exit on the opposite side of the cabin.

If you are asked to leave the aircraft, emergency lighting located in the cabin will help guide you to your nearest exit. The red exit lights can be clearly seen from anywhere in the aircraft.

Life-jackets are kept under each seat, and are not to be inflated until outside the aircraft. Infant and spare adult life jackets are carried on board which I will distribute if required.

In the seat pocket you will find the Cabin Safety Information Card which shows the brace position and other important information on what to do in the unlikely event of an emergency. Please read it carefully before we take off and if you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask me. Thank-you for your attention and enjoy your flight.